README.md, before:

# Ideas for the French Defense:
- What is the most annoying move to make?
- What exchanges do I want to make?
- What part of the board should I be playing on?
- Where are our pawn leavers/leverages?
- If you retain the tension, keep it for as long as possible, and don't release it early.
- Try to trade off the light-squared bishop in an exchange that is favorable to you.

---

# Typical French Lines:

<!-- These images show the key differences in each of the lines, not necessarily the move shown with each line. -->

## Basic French - Steinitz Variation
1.e4 e6 **2.d4 d5 3.e5 c5 4.dxc5 Nc6 5.Nf3 Bxc5 6.Bd3 Qc7 7.Qe2 Nge7**
![Basic French - Advanced Variation](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345574-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-8ce0-276176d887c6.png)

## Advanced Variation - Course Mainline *(7. a4)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.e5 c5 **4.c3 Ne7 5.Nf3 Nec6 6.a3 a5 7.a4 b6 8.Na3 cxd4 9.cxd4 Be7 10.Nb5 O-O 11.Be2 Ba6 12.O-O Na7 13.Bd2 Qd7 14.Qb3 Nbc6 15.Rfc1 Rfc8 16.Bf1 Nb4 17.Rxc8+ Bxc8**
![Advanced Variation - Course Mainline 7  a4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345571-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-8f64-43492e2a1daf.png)

## Exchange Variation *(4. Bd3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.exd5 exd5 4.Bd3 Nc6 5.c3 Bd6 6.Ne2 Qf6 7.Nd2 Bf5 8.Nf3 h6 9.Bf4 Bxd3 10.Bxd6 Be4 11.Bxc7 Bxf3 12.gxf3 Qxf3 13.Rg1 Nge7 14.Rxg7 Nf5 15.Rg1 Kd7 16.Bg3 Rae8 17.Kd2 Ne3 18.fxe3 Qxe3+ 19.Kc2 Qxe2+**
![Exchange Variation 4  Bd3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345558-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-8db9-6ef95867feb6.png)

## Classical Variation *(7. Bxe7)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nc3 Nf6 4.Bg5 Be7 5.e5 Nfd7 6.h4 h6 7.Bxe7 Qxe7 8.Qg4 O-O 9.f4 c5 10.Nf3 Nc6 11.O-O-O cxd4 12.Nxd4 Nxd4 13.Rxd4 f6 14.exf6 Nxf6 15.Qd1 Qc5**
![Classical Variation 7  Bxe7](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345579-8ab6fe00-8c9b-11eb-8249-b3a9410467e8.png)

## Classical Variation *(4. e5)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.Nc3 Nf6 **4.e5 Nfd7 5.f4 c5 6.Nf3 Be7 7.Be3 O-O 8.Qd2 b6 9.O-O-O Nc6 10.Kb1 c4 11.f5 b5 12.fxe6 fxe6 13.Nxb5 Rb8 14.Nd6 Bxd6 15.exd6 Nf6**
![Classical Variation 4  e5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345577-8ab6fe00-8c9b-11eb-8827-81cdd2b52920.png)

## Classical Sidelines *(5. Nf3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.e5 Nfd7 **5.Nf3 c5 6.dxc5 Nc6 7.Bf4 Nxc5 8.Qd2 Be7 9.O-O-O a6 10.h4 b5 11.h5 h6 12.Rh3 b4 13.Ne2 Ne4**
![Classical Sidelines 5  Nf3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345576-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-9ed5-73542ab74672.png)

## Tarrasch Variation *(14. Bg5)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nd2 c5 4.exd5 Qxd5 5.Ngf3 cxd4 6.Bc4 Qd7 7.O-O Nc6 8.Nb3 Nf6 9.Nbxd4 Nxd4 10.Nxd4 a6 11.Re1 Bc5 12.c3 b5 13.Bb3 Bb7 14.Bg5 Bxd4 15.cxd4 Qc6 16.f3 O-O 17.Qd3 Rac8 18.Rac1 Qb6 19.Bc2 Rfd8 20.Bxf6 gxf6 21.Qxh7+ Kf8**
![Tarrasch Variation 14  Bg5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345570-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-88eb-2a08de15c3ea.png)

## Rubinstein Variation *(6. Nxf6)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nc3 dxe4 4.Nxe4 Nd7 5.Nf3 Ngf6 6.Nxf6+ Nxf6 7.Bd3 c5 8.O-O cxd4 9.Nxd4 Bc5 10.Nb3 Bd6 11.Qf3 Qc7 12.h3 Bd7 13.Nd4 a6 14.Re1 O-O-O**
![Rubinstein Variation 6  Nxf6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345566-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-8df9-a04acedf444a.png)

## King's Indian Attack *(5. g3)*
1.e4 e6 **2.d3 d5 3.Nd2 Nf6 4.Ngf3 b6 5.g3 dxe4 6.dxe4 Bc5 7.Bb5+ c6 8.Bd3 e5 9.Nc4 Nbd7 10.Qe2 O-O 11.O-O Qc7**
![King's Indian Attack 5  g3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345562-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-8fd8-c419fa7d2908.png)


# Rare French Lines:

## Knight Variation - Wing Gambit *(5. bxc5)*
1.e4 e6 **2.Nf3 d5 3.e5 c5 4.b4 b6 5.bxc5 bxc5 6.c3 Qa5 7.d4 Ba6 8.Bxa6 Qxa6 9.Qe2 Ne7**
![Knight Variation - Wing Gambit 5  bxc5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345565-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-9a90-25a9b4c11cc7.png)

## Horwitz - Papa-Ticulat Gambit *(2. b3)*
1.e4 e6 **2.b3 d5 3.Bb2 dxe4 4.Nc3 Nf6 5.g4 h6 6.Bg2 Bd7 7.Qe2 Bc6 8.O-O-O a5 9.a3 Bc5 10.Nxe4 Bd4 11.c3 Nxe4 12.Bxe4 Bxe4 13.Qxe4 Bxf2 14.Nf3 Nd7 15.d4 c6 16.Rd2 Bh4**
![Horwitz - Papa-Ticulat Gambit 2  b3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345561-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-964e-8471a7b86056.png)

## Schlechter Variation *(3. Bd3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Bd3 dxe4 4.Bxe4 Nf6 5.Bf3 c5 6.Ne2 Nc6 7.Be3 cxd4 8.Nxd4 Ne5 9.Nc3 Bb4 10.Ndb5 Bd7 11.Nd6+ Ke7 12.Nxb7 Qc8 13.a3 Nxf3+ 14.Qxf3 Bxc3+ 15.bxc3 Qxc3+**
![Schlechter Variation 3  Bd3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345568-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-89bc-45a1a6e8ee7a.png)

## Diemer-Duhm Gambit *(3. c4)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.c4 dxe4 4.Nc3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bxf6 Qxf6 7.Nxe4 Bb4+ 8.Nc3 c5 9.Nge2 O-O 10.a3 Bxc3+ 11.bxc3 Rd8**
![Diemer-Duhm Gambit 3  c4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345556-87bc0d80-8c9b-11eb-85ac-03fb541270ef.png)

## Alapin Gambit *(3. Be3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Be3 dxe4 4.f3 Nf6 5.Nc3 Bb4 6.Bg5 h6 7.Bh4 Nc6 8.Nge2 O-O 9.fxe4 g5 10.Bg3 Nxe4**
![Alapin Gambit 3  Be3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345573-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-91c9-27f8160b9c48.png)

## Steinitz Attack *(2. ... d5)*
1.e4 e6 **2.e5 d5 3.exd6 cxd6 4.d4 Nf6 5.Nf3 Be7 6.Bd3 O-O 7.O-O b6 8.Re1 Bb7 9.Nbd2 Nbd7 10.c3 Re8 11.Nf1 a6 12.Ng3 Bf8 13.Bg5 Qc7 14.Bxf6 Nxf6 15.Ne4 Nd5 16.Rc1 Nf4 17.Bf1 e5 18.g3 Ng6 19.dxe5 dxe5**
![Steinitz Attack 2    d5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345569-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-9a69-388ab71c1d7f.png)

## f4 Sidelines - Sub *(9. cxd4)*
1.e4 e6 **2.f4 d5 3.e5 Nh6 4.Nf3 c5 5.c3 Nc6 6.Na3 Qb6 7.Nc2 Bd7 8.d4 cxd4 9.cxd4 Nf5 10.g4 Nfe7 11.Bh3 h5 12.g5 g6 13.O-O a5 14.Rf2 Nb4 15.a4 Nec6 16.Bf1 Nxc2 17.Rxc2 Be7**
![f4 Sidelines - Sub 9  cxd4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345560-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-9e13-d01aaaf2d013.png)

Commit message:

changed folder names and something in README.md
changed folder "Lines images" to "Lines" and added a line about how the images aren't at a specific move number in each variation.

README.md, after:

# Ideas for the French Defense:
- What is the most annoying move to make?
- What exchanges do I want to make?
- What part of the board should I be playing on?
- Where are our pawn leavers/leverages?
- If you retain the tension, keep it for as long as possible, and don't release it early.
- Try to trade off the light-squared bishop in an exchange that is favorable to you.

---

# Typical French Lines:

Note: These images show the key differences in each of the lines, not necessarily the move shown with each line.

## Basic French - Steinitz Variation
1.e4 e6 **2.d4 d5 3.e5 c5 4.dxc5 Nc6 5.Nf3 Bxc5 6.Bd3 Qc7 7.Qe2 Nge7**
![Basic French - Advanced Variation](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345574-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-8ce0-276176d887c6.png)

## Advanced Variation - Course Mainline *(7. a4)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.e5 c5 **4.c3 Ne7 5.Nf3 Nec6 6.a3 a5 7.a4 b6 8.Na3 cxd4 9.cxd4 Be7 10.Nb5 O-O 11.Be2 Ba6 12.O-O Na7 13.Bd2 Qd7 14.Qb3 Nbc6 15.Rfc1 Rfc8 16.Bf1 Nb4 17.Rxc8+ Bxc8**
![Advanced Variation - Course Mainline 7  a4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345571-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-8f64-43492e2a1daf.png)

## Exchange Variation *(4. Bd3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.exd5 exd5 4.Bd3 Nc6 5.c3 Bd6 6.Ne2 Qf6 7.Nd2 Bf5 8.Nf3 h6 9.Bf4 Bxd3 10.Bxd6 Be4 11.Bxc7 Bxf3 12.gxf3 Qxf3 13.Rg1 Nge7 14.Rxg7 Nf5 15.Rg1 Kd7 16.Bg3 Rae8 17.Kd2 Ne3 18.fxe3 Qxe3+ 19.Kc2 Qxe2+**
![Exchange Variation 4  Bd3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345558-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-8db9-6ef95867feb6.png)

## Classical Variation *(7. Bxe7)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nc3 Nf6 4.Bg5 Be7 5.e5 Nfd7 6.h4 h6 7.Bxe7 Qxe7 8.Qg4 O-O 9.f4 c5 10.Nf3 Nc6 11.O-O-O cxd4 12.Nxd4 Nxd4 13.Rxd4 f6 14.exf6 Nxf6 15.Qd1 Qc5**
![Classical Variation 7  Bxe7](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345579-8ab6fe00-8c9b-11eb-8249-b3a9410467e8.png)

## Classical Variation *(4. e5)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.Nc3 Nf6 **4.e5 Nfd7 5.f4 c5 6.Nf3 Be7 7.Be3 O-O 8.Qd2 b6 9.O-O-O Nc6 10.Kb1 c4 11.f5 b5 12.fxe6 fxe6 13.Nxb5 Rb8 14.Nd6 Bxd6 15.exd6 Nf6**
![Classical Variation 4  e5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345577-8ab6fe00-8c9b-11eb-8827-81cdd2b52920.png)

## Classical Sidelines *(5. Nf3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.e5 Nfd7 **5.Nf3 c5 6.dxc5 Nc6 7.Bf4 Nxc5 8.Qd2 Be7 9.O-O-O a6 10.h4 b5 11.h5 h6 12.Rh3 b4 13.Ne2 Ne4**
![Classical Sidelines 5  Nf3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345576-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-9ed5-73542ab74672.png)

## Tarrasch Variation *(14. Bg5)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nd2 c5 4.exd5 Qxd5 5.Ngf3 cxd4 6.Bc4 Qd7 7.O-O Nc6 8.Nb3 Nf6 9.Nbxd4 Nxd4 10.Nxd4 a6 11.Re1 Bc5 12.c3 b5 13.Bb3 Bb7 14.Bg5 Bxd4 15.cxd4 Qc6 16.f3 O-O 17.Qd3 Rac8 18.Rac1 Qb6 19.Bc2 Rfd8 20.Bxf6 gxf6 21.Qxh7+ Kf8**
![Tarrasch Variation 14  Bg5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345570-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-88eb-2a08de15c3ea.png)

## Rubinstein Variation *(6. Nxf6)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Nc3 dxe4 4.Nxe4 Nd7 5.Nf3 Ngf6 6.Nxf6+ Nxf6 7.Bd3 c5 8.O-O cxd4 9.Nxd4 Bc5 10.Nb3 Bd6 11.Qf3 Qc7 12.h3 Bd7 13.Nd4 a6 14.Re1 O-O-O**
![Rubinstein Variation 6  Nxf6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345566-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-8df9-a04acedf444a.png)

## King's Indian Attack *(5. g3)*
1.e4 e6 **2.d3 d5 3.Nd2 Nf6 4.Ngf3 b6 5.g3 dxe4 6.dxe4 Bc5 7.Bb5+ c6 8.Bd3 e5 9.Nc4 Nbd7 10.Qe2 O-O 11.O-O Qc7**
![King's Indian Attack 5  g3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345562-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-8fd8-c419fa7d2908.png)


# Rare French Lines:

## Knight Variation - Wing Gambit *(5. bxc5)*
1.e4 e6 **2.Nf3 d5 3.e5 c5 4.b4 b6 5.bxc5 bxc5 6.c3 Qa5 7.d4 Ba6 8.Bxa6 Qxa6 9.Qe2 Ne7**
![Knight Variation - Wing Gambit 5  bxc5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345565-88ed3a80-8c9b-11eb-9a90-25a9b4c11cc7.png)

## Horwitz - Papa-Ticulat Gambit *(2. b3)*
1.e4 e6 **2.b3 d5 3.Bb2 dxe4 4.Nc3 Nf6 5.g4 h6 6.Bg2 Bd7 7.Qe2 Bc6 8.O-O-O a5 9.a3 Bc5 10.Nxe4 Bd4 11.c3 Nxe4 12.Bxe4 Bxe4 13.Qxe4 Bxf2 14.Nf3 Nd7 15.d4 c6 16.Rd2 Bh4**
![Horwitz - Papa-Ticulat Gambit 2  b3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345561-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-964e-8471a7b86056.png)

## Schlechter Variation *(3. Bd3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Bd3 dxe4 4.Bxe4 Nf6 5.Bf3 c5 6.Ne2 Nc6 7.Be3 cxd4 8.Nxd4 Ne5 9.Nc3 Bb4 10.Ndb5 Bd7 11.Nd6+ Ke7 12.Nxb7 Qc8 13.a3 Nxf3+ 14.Qxf3 Bxc3+ 15.bxc3 Qxc3+**
![Schlechter Variation 3  Bd3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345568-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-89bc-45a1a6e8ee7a.png)

## Diemer-Duhm Gambit *(3. c4)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.c4 dxe4 4.Nc3 Nf6 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bxf6 Qxf6 7.Nxe4 Bb4+ 8.Nc3 c5 9.Nge2 O-O 10.a3 Bxc3+ 11.bxc3 Rd8**
![Diemer-Duhm Gambit 3  c4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345556-87bc0d80-8c9b-11eb-85ac-03fb541270ef.png)

## Alapin Gambit *(3. Be3)*
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 **3.Be3 dxe4 4.f3 Nf6 5.Nc3 Bb4 6.Bg5 h6 7.Bh4 Nc6 8.Nge2 O-O 9.fxe4 g5 10.Bg3 Nxe4**
![Alapin Gambit 3  Be3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345573-8a1e6780-8c9b-11eb-91c9-27f8160b9c48.png)

## Steinitz Attack *(2. ... d5)*
1.e4 e6 **2.e5 d5 3.exd6 cxd6 4.d4 Nf6 5.Nf3 Be7 6.Bd3 O-O 7.O-O b6 8.Re1 Bb7 9.Nbd2 Nbd7 10.c3 Re8 11.Nf1 a6 12.Ng3 Bf8 13.Bg5 Qc7 14.Bxf6 Nxf6 15.Ne4 Nd5 16.Rc1 Nf4 17.Bf1 e5 18.g3 Ng6 19.dxe5 dxe5**
![Steinitz Attack 2    d5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345569-8985d100-8c9b-11eb-9a69-388ab71c1d7f.png)

## f4 Sidelines - Sub *(9. cxd4)*
1.e4 e6 **2.f4 d5 3.e5 Nh6 4.Nf3 c5 5.c3 Nc6 6.Na3 Qb6 7.Nc2 Bd7 8.d4 cxd4 9.cxd4 Nf5 10.g4 Nfe7 11.Bh3 h5 12.g5 g6 13.O-O a5 14.Rf2 Nb4 15.a4 Nec6 16.Bf1 Nxc2 17.Rxc2 Be7**
![f4 Sidelines - Sub 9  cxd4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57846904/112345560-8854a400-8c9b-11eb-9e13-d01aaaf2d013.png)
